README.md, before:

# This is Natalie Cann's class project repository
# Overview

This project was created using the template provided by Dr. Handel for BIOS 8060E. 

# Pre-requisites

R, Quarto, Github, and Zotero were used in this project. 

# Structure and Content

Folder structure: ('readme' files are in each folder as well)

* The `assets` folder contains static assets like manually generated schematics/diagrams, bibtex files, csl style files, PDFs of references, and other such content. These assets are not code-based and are not generated by code.
- The `references` subfolder contains the references that Zotero generated.

* All code goes into the `code` folder and subfolders. There are three subfolders: analysis-code, eda-code (explatory data analysis), and processing-code. Each contains a different kind of coding for the project. See the readme files in those subfolders for details.
- The `analysis-code` folder contains the code that generates the results and analysis for the project.
- The `eda-code` folder contains the code that generates the exploratory data analysis for the project.
- The `processing-code` folder contains the code that processes the raw data into a format that can be used for analysis.

* All data goes into the `data` folder and subfolders. There are two subfolders: raw-data and processed-data. See the readme files in those subfolders for details.
- The 'raw-data' folder contains the raw data files used in the project.
- The 'processed-data' folder contains the processed data files used in the project.

* The `products` folder and its subfolders contains deliverables, such as manuscript/report, the supplement, slide decks, posters, Shiny web apps, etc. There are three subfolders: manuscript, poster, and slides.
- The  `manuscript` subfolder contains the main project manuscript. It contains a 'supplement' subfolder.
- The `poster` subfolder will contain any posters made for this project. 
- The `slides` subfolder will contain any slide decks made for this project.

* The `results` folder contains automatically/code generated output. This folder has several subfolders: figures, large-files, output, and tables. Note that any manually generated results should be placed into the `assets` folder.
- The `figures` subfolder contains the figures generated by the code.
- The `large-files` subfolder will contain any large files generated by the code.
- The `output` subfolder will contain any output files generated by the code.
- The `tables` subfolder will contain the tables generated by the code.

* There are multiple special files in the repo.
  * `readme.md`: this file contains instructions or details about the folder it
  is located in. You are reading the project-level `README.md` file right now. There is a `readme` in almost every folder.
  * `data-analysis-template.Rproj` is a file that tells RStudio that this is the main folder for a project. Rename if you want.

# Order to Run Code In
In order for reproducibility, the files should be run in the following order: 
1. processing code (in code folder): project-processingfile.qmd
2. eda code (in code folder): project-eda.qmd
3. analysis code (in code folder): project-analysis.qmd

Commit message:

Work for Project Pt 4
added extra analysis file, fixed formatting of tables and graphs for manuscript so that they all fit the theme

README.md, after:

# This is Natalie Cann's class project repository
# Overview

This project was created using the template provided by Dr. Handel for BIOS 8060E. 

# Pre-requisites

R, Quarto, Github, and Zotero were used in this project. 

# Structure and Content

Folder structure: ('readme' files are in each folder as well)

* The `assets` folder contains static assets like manually generated schematics/diagrams, bibtex files, csl style files, PDFs of references, and other such content. These assets are not code-based and are not generated by code.
- The `references` subfolder contains the references that Zotero generated.

* All code goes into the `code` folder and subfolders. There are three subfolders: analysis-code, eda-code (explatory data analysis), and processing-code. Each contains a different kind of coding for the project. See the readme files in those subfolders for details.
- The `analysis-code` folder contains the code that generates the results and analysis for the project.
- The `eda-code` folder contains the code that generates the exploratory data analysis for the project.
- The `processing-code` folder contains the code that processes the raw data into a format that can be used for analysis.

* All data goes into the `data` folder and subfolders. There are two subfolders: raw-data and processed-data. See the readme files in those subfolders for details.
- The 'raw-data' folder contains the raw data files used in the project.
- The 'processed-data' folder contains the processed data files used in the project.

* The `products` folder and its subfolders contains deliverables, such as manuscript/report, the supplement, slide decks, posters, Shiny web apps, etc. There are three subfolders: manuscript, poster, and slides.
- The  `manuscript` subfolder contains the main project manuscript. It contains a 'supplement' subfolder.
- The `poster` subfolder will contain any posters made for this project. 
- The `slides` subfolder will contain any slide decks made for this project.

* The `results` folder contains automatically/code generated output. This folder has several subfolders: figures, large-files, output, and tables. Note that any manually generated results should be placed into the `assets` folder.
- The `figures` subfolder contains the figures generated by the code.
- The `large-files` subfolder will contain any large files generated by the code.
- The `output` subfolder will contain any output files generated by the code.
- The `tables` subfolder will contain the tables generated by the code.

* There are multiple special files in the repo.
  * `readme.md`: this file contains instructions or details about the folder it
  is located in. You are reading the project-level `README.md` file right now. There is a `readme` in almost every folder.
  * `data-analysis-template.Rproj` is a file that tells RStudio that this is the main folder for a project. Rename if you want.

# Order to Run Code In
In order for reproducibility, the files should be run in the following order: 
1. processing code (in code folder): project-processingfile.qmd
2. eda code (in code folder): project-eda.qmd
3. analysis code (in code folder): project-analysis.qmd, then project-extra-analysis.qmd
4. formatting of tables and figures for manuscript (in results folder): tables-and-figures.qmd *(THIS FILE MUST BE RUN LAST IN ORDER FOR EVERYTHING TO BE PRESENT IN ENVIRONMENT!!!)*

Then, the Manuscript can be run.
